#!/bin/bash

jupyter contrib nbextension install --user
jupyter-nbextension install widgetsnbextension  --py --user
jupyter nbextension enable widgetsnbextension  --py --user
jupyter-nbextension install python-markdown/main  --py --user
jupyter nbextension enable python-markdown/main  --py --user
jupyter-nbextension install codefolding/main  --py --user
jupyter nbextension enable codefolding/main  --py --user
jupyter-nbextension install freeze/main  --py --user
jupyter nbextension enable freeze/main  --py --user
jupyter-nbextension install varInspector/main  --py --user
jupyter nbextension enable varInspector/main  --py --user
jupyter-nbextension install python-markdown/main  --py --user
jupyter nbextension enable python-markdown/main  --py --user
jupyter-nbextension install snippets_menu/main  --py --user
jupyter nbextension enable snippets_menu/main  --py --user
jupyter-nbextension install skip-traceback/main  --py --user
jupyter nbextension enable skip-traceback/main  --py --user


jupyter-nbextension install rise --py --user
jupyter-nbextension enable rise  --py --user 

jupyter-nbextension install jupyter_wysiwyg --py --user
jupyter nbextension enable jupyter_wysiwyg  --py --user 

jupyter nbextension install --overwrite --py --user nbtutor
jupyter nbextension enable --py --user nbtutor

jupyter nbextension enable --py --sys-prefix ipyturtle

# Notebooks w/ extensions that auto-run code must be "trusted" to work the first time
jupyter trust index.ipynb
jupyter trust index_computing.ipynb